---
title: Homework
module: 14
---

# Homework

For this homework, you are going to create a node.js server and a simple client application.  Create a client application that takes in data from the user, write the information to a file, and then allows the user to go to another page to display the information. Start the node.js server and then access the web application by typing in the URL.

<a href="https://github.com/Montana-Media-Arts/441-WebTech-Spring2021-Examples/tree/main/Week%2014" target="_new">Week 14 Example</a>

1.	Install node.js.
2.	Experiment with callbacks, streams and the file system to create a web application that allows you to gather and display data from the user.
3.	Once the information is gathered, go to another page and display what was entered.

**Note** you will need to install the following module to get it to work.  

Enter this command in your command prompt or terminal

`npm install --save node-html-parser`

4.	When the user clicks on the submit button, the user data should be written to a text file and update the HTML file to which you navigate. The data entered should display on the second page.  To display the data, you can grab the information from the QueryString. (please refer to the example -- it has everything you need for this part).
5.	Write a short paper (1/2 page) on your experience.  How does node.js fit into everything that we have done this semester?
6. Submit everything into your repository and submit your link to Moodle.

**Note** the main crux of this project is just writing to a text file.  

