---
title: Help
permalink: /:title/
---

# Getting Help

## Help Quick Links

- [Course Issues Forum](https://github.com/Montana-Media-Arts/441-WebTech-Spring2021/issues)
- [Course Discord](https://discord.gg/jCcZ9mNN)
- [127, Media Arts Lab Hours](#lab-hours)
- [Email the TA, TBA](mailto:michael.cassens@umontana.edu?subject=441%20Question)
- [Email Michael Cassens](mailto:michael.cassnes@umontana.edu?subject=441%20Question)

## Help Procedures

Do the following to get help with problems.

1. Google the problem.
2. Post a message to the [Course Discord](https://discord.gg/jCcZ9mNN)
    - Discord is like a massive chat where everyone can talk to one another in real time and help each other out with issues or just chat.
3. Post to the [course issues forum](https://github.com/Montana-Media-Arts/441-WebTech-Spring2021/issues).
    - The advantage to the GitHub issues forum is its advanced system for including formatted code. This will help with problem solving.
4. Go to the [127 Media Arts Lab](#lab-hours)
    - The Media Arts Lab in room 127 of McGill hall has daily "lab monitors" who are hired to assist with problem solving and class help.
    - [Lab Info](#lab-hours).
5. Get help from [Michael Cassens]({{site.baseurl}}/instructors/)
    - If you have a high level problem, or need help that no one can offer, please contact Michael Cassens (me, the one writing all of this).
    - The best way to get a hold of me is to swing by my weekly office hours. These are posted (and updated) under my [office hours section]({{site.baseurl}}/instructors/#office-hours). This is the BEST way to work with me. Just come by during one of those posted times.
    - If you are a distance student or cannot make one of those times, please email, Zoom, Skype, or text me. (I will get back to you as soon as I can.  If you don't get a message back from me, please feel free to try again (unless it's the middle of the night -- even then I sometimes respond.  I do try and sleep sometimes))
        - [michael.cassens@umontana.edu](mailto:michael.cassens@umontana.edu?subject=441%20Question)




## Lab Hours
This lab is closed Spring 2021.  We can Zoom to work through issues though!
<!--
The "127 Media Arts Computer Lab" (McGill, 127) is open to all of you via your Griz Card at any time.-->


