---
title: Weekly Overview
module: 7
---

# Week 7 Overview <br />


<br />


Active: {{ site.data.dates[page.module][0] }}

Homework Due: {{ site.data.dates[page.module][1] }}


<br />

<!-- <div class="embed-responsive embed-responsive-16by9"><iframe class="embed-responsive-item" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GGX5lm2me0A" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div> -->


This week, you will revisit callback functions in order to dive into timers and event listeners. You will also review form elements, and learn how to capture data from these elements locally for use in your sites.

To develop these skills and techniques further, I am asking you to develop and write a choose your own adventure story, that will be a dynamic web page, were the user makes choices about how the story will go.

For a number of reasons I am going to extend this to be a week and a half long assignment (not including Spring Break in the middle). This is to accomplish a number of things.

1. I have not been as clear in my content writing as is necessary the last few weeks. Therefore, I want there to be a little extra time for questions and additional information to come to you, should I find problems in the ways I have presented information.
2. With spring occurring next week, I want to not stress anyone about needing to complete a large assignment.
3. This is a rather large assignment, both technically and creatively. I want you to feel as though you have the time to really dig into.

If you have questions, I will have regular office hours this week, as well as the week after Spring Break. I am unfortunately away at a conference during Spring Break and will have limited availability. 
